= stonepath

Wednesday, August 25th UPDATE:
The extraction is underway, and I have to write some generators to have some stuff make sense outside the scope of a real application.

I'm going to have a good article on the stomepath modeling methodology shortly.  It is written, it just needs diagrams and an editor's touch.


Jan 17th, just demoing to people how git works... these comments need to update soon anyway.

Sunday, August 9th UPDATE:
Sorry for the delay.  I just gave this talk again at eRubyCon.

Some of these stateful workflow ideas are being used in a project for the
DC Public School System, but the data store there is unconventional (a
QuickBase database online), so the work being done on StonePath has taken a
back seat.  I expect this project to be live again shortly, starting simply
with some wiki entries explaining the same concepts that I outline in the
presentation (including WorkItem, Ownership, Assignment, Task, Permissions, and
organizational modeling with groups and roles).

---

This is a Stateful Workflow gem that is currently being pulled out of a 
real-world client project.  I'm creating the repository before RailsConf 2009
so interested people that attend my talk can watch and contribute.

I'm also asking you to keep me honest - this extraction is real, but is likely
to take a back seat to real billable client time.  If I know there is interest
(that is, if I see followers and if they nag me), this project is likely to get
time over others.



gem install bokmann-stonepath

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.